feat: Add override instructions to the memory limiting processor (#294)
canonical/observability-stack: docs/how-to/configure-and-tune/configure-memory-limits-otelcol.md

The `opentelemetry-collector` charm applies a [memory limiter processor](https://github.com/open-telemetry/opentelemetry-collector/tree/main/processor/memorylimiterprocessor) to every pipeline. This processor monitors the collector's Go heap usage and begins refusing data when memory consumption crosses configurable thresholds:

- **Soft limit** (80% of the hard limit): the processor starts refusing data so that receivers propagate backpressure to their data sources.
- **Hard limit**: the processor additionally forces garbage collection.

The `memory_limit_percentage` Juju config option sets the hard limit as a percentage of total available memory. The soft limit is always 80% of that value. A value of `0` disables the limiter.

| User input (%)  | Hard limit (% of total) | Soft limit (% of total) |
|-----------------|-------------------------|-------------------------|
| 0               | 0 (disabled)            | 0                       |
| 50              | 50                      | 40                      |
| 100 *(default)* | 100                     | 80                      |

> Values outside `[0, 100]` or non-integer strings are rejected: the charm enters BlockedStatus and falls back to the default (100%).

Reviewer: This is up to you to add: I think some users, based on how other charms implement `BlockedStatus`, may be under the impression that "blocked" means the workload is not running. How about an explicit mention that the workload is still running, for example:

```suggestion
Values outside `[0, 100]` or non-integer strings are rejected: the charm enters BlockedStatus and the Opentelemetry Collector workload process continues operations with the fallback value of 100%.
```
